**
[ Buzzer sounds,
cell door clangs ]
Maybe a little time in here
will help you think about
what you did, Watterson.
[ Buzzer sounds,
cell door clangs ]
Hello. You're
Julius Oppenheimmer Jr., right?
I'm Darwin. We met last year
in the school yard.
Are you the one who screams
when his arms come off?
Mnh-mnh.
Are you the one who
passes out when he's held
upside
Nope!
Are you the one who has
trouble walking
when his legs are pulled off
then put back on
the wrong way around?
I'll give you a clue --
two weeks of physiotherapy
and a forever-whistling
nose.
Oh, yeah!
You hang out with the
blue one with the big head
who I turned inside-out.
So, how come you're
in dental
It's called "detention,"
and I'm here 'cause I had
a little trouble
with my art project.
"Vandalism"?
Detention!
And what are you in for?
Same sort of thing.
"Vandalism is bad"?
Admirable sentiment,
but still vandalism.
Detention!
So, what do you do
in detention?
Well, I was gonna start
with a bit of popping.
Popping?
Man, I love breakdancing!
Then I guess
some mauling.
Going to the mall?
Uh-huh!
And to finish,
some trampling.
They have
a trampoline now?
Aw, man!
Detention sounds great.
I guess they must be
going for
a Scandinavian-rehabilitation
approach.
You're pretty naive.
I bet you're easy
to manipulate.
I'll do it!
What?
Oh, sorry.
I thought you wanted me
to do something.
Would -- would you like me
to do something?
Hold that thought.
[ Line rings,
voice speaks indistinctly ]
I got one.
He'll do whatever I say,
and we'll never get
in trouble again.
He's a real sucker.
How do I know?
Because he's holding
the phone for me right now.
Want to come hang out
with a bunch of older kids
who have a reputation for being
mean and manipulative?
Do I?
Yes, you do.
Yes, I do!
He's perfect.
Let's go.
Wow! You guys
are so friendly.
It's almost, like, too friendly,
but of course
there's no such thing.
So, what are your names?
I'm Reaper.
I'm Scythe.
And I'm Phillip.
No, dude,
that's your real name.
And I'm Mowdown.
Reaper, Scythe and Mowdown.
Cool nicknames.
So, I guess you're
from farming families,
or really into
agriculture or something?
Told you he was perfect.
So, do you guys have
a secret handshake?
I got one you
can have -- look!
Then the other guy goes...
Then -- that bit obviously works
better if there's two butts.
He's beyond perfect.
He's the unicorn of fools --
the foolicorn.
And I can make him
do anything.
Hey, go clean out
that old woman's purse.
**
All: Huh?
Hmm?
Oh!
**
All cleaned out.
Okay, we'll
try something else.
Get a $1,000 worth
of pizza delivered
to the police precinct
with extra bacon.
Got it!
-Pizza delivery!
Ah-ah!
Ah!
Wait. Why is that
cop waving at us?
Because of your generosity.
What do you mean?
When the pizza place
asked who it was from,
I said you and luckily
they already had
your credit-card details!
It was supposed to be
cash on delivery.
How is that
a prank otherwise?!
Well, it is kind of a prank,
just not on them.
Hey, guys.
Thanks for the pizzas,
although to make sure
it doesn't look like a bribe,
I'm going to have
to fine you for loitering.
I'm having
a great time.
Okay, guys, give me
one more chance to prove
he's an easy mark.
Er, my name's "Darwin" --
just saying.
Okay, you see
that nice, clean van over there?
You're gonna cover
it in dirt.
Right away.
Wow! She looks great!
I was thinking Janice could
do with a little facelift.
Here.
Thank you, sir.
I guess the money
should go to the boss.
-Thanks.
-Yo, who's to say
I'm not the boss?
Or me?
Yeah, you're
not the leader.
You don't have
what it takes.
Oh yeah?
Well take this!
Owwww!
Didn't hurt.
I love you
this much!
Ignore that!
I hate you this much!
-Why you...
Stop!
Why?
Because you guys
got to get along,
and what better way
than with a song?
* With a friend,
fun will never end *
* You can depend
on the time you sp-- *
Forget it!
He ain't no
friend of mine.
Hey! Come back here!
You're not
the boss of us.
You can't even
convince a little kid
to do a single bad thing.
Aw. I had another 23 things
that rhymed with "Friend."
I'll show them.
I'm the master manipulator.
I can make you do anything.
Come on, let's jam.
[ Bangs car rhythmically,
beatboxes ]
Just come in
whenever you like.
**
Okay, you're gonna go
and leave a little surprise
in the pool...
using this detergent.
But trespassing is wrong.
It's one of
the seven sins --
along with pride, wrath,
Sleepy, Dopey, Blitzen --
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
It's not trespassing
if it's for
a good cause, heh.
Why is this
a good cause?
Because every child deserves
access to clean water?
That is the most
charitable thing
I've ever heard!
Okay, how am I gonna
do this?
Just use your head,
kid.
Okay!
What are you doing?!
Using my head.
Here, use this.
Thank you.
Why did you do that?!
To pay for the damage
to the door.
No, it was
to open the door.
It's got my name
and address on it.
Oh, cool, then they'll
be able to return it.
Come here.
We got to get it back.
On the count of three, I'll lift
it up and you drop and roll.
One, two, three.
No, you're supposed
to go in and get --
Aah!!
Give me your phone.
My friend has hurt his foot,
and he needs
medical assistance.
Who is that?
911.
Are you crazy?!
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna be all like,
"Oh, yeah, my friend
Julius Oppenheimmer Jr.
who lives on Park Road
broke his foot while trying
to trespass at the public pool."
Man: What?!
I mean, "This is
an anonymous call"!
You just gave them
my name and address!
Aah -- anonymously.
And they can trace
the call!
Not anymore.
My phone!
Just help me
get my foot out!
Thanks for nothing!
Aah, they're coming!
You got to help me.
Oh, no,
they're gonna see us!
Quick, let's kiss
to hide our faces.
It always works
in spy movies.
No, no, no, no, no!
Sorry.
I'm fine.
And given the choice,
I'd take this option
again.
No, no, no -- I can't --
I can't walk much further.
I'm gonna need some wheels.
Go and take someone's
bike or something.
Wait, that sounds like
another bad thing.
Well, if you do this
one bad thing now,
we can do two good things
later to make up for it.
You mean like how the Romans
invaded half of the world,
but then invented sandals
and ice cream?
I don't think the Romans
invented ice cream.
Okay just sandals then,
there's two of them.
Ahh, just
get on with it.
Yes. Sorry.
I commandeer this vehicle!
Dude! That was
my girlfriend!
Quick! Let's kiss
before she sees you.
Julius, a text would
have been enough.
No, no, no! Wait!
Debbie, I can explain!
Aah!
What have you done?!
I've lost my girlfriend,
my crew,
the police are after me,
they've got my address,
my parents
will be mad at me.
You've ruined me!
Who would've thought
my life could've been destroyed
by a dumb sucker
who lives in a world
of kittens and rainbows?
Julius, stop.
You're not making sense.
In a world of
kittens and rainbows,
what would
the kittens eat?
Just go.
N
Immediately.
No! I'm gonna fix this.
Wait for me at the bus stop
in half an hour.
**
All fixed!
Really
Well, first...
I spoke to your friends,
and they all agreed
that you had to
stick together
after I told the Bikers
your crew declared
war on them.
What
Wait, what?
The Bikers?
Yeah, and then I patched
things up with your girlfriend.
You're getting married
on Saturday.
Oh! I also fixed
the situation with the police.
Oh, let me guess --
by making my life worse?
No -- by making
your father's life worse.
I told them that it was
Julius Oppenheimmer Senior
who tried to
break into the pool.
Oh!
Were the coupons
expired?
What?
My Dad's been arrested?
My Mom's gonna go nuts
when she finds out!
She won't.
She's being deported.
But why?!
I changed her passport
to one from Switzenburgenstan.
That's not even a country!
Which is why they're
going to dump her
in unchartered waters
right about now.
Thank you
for flying with us.
You've made
everything worse.
What?
It was a joke!
What
No! Now who's easy
to manipulate?
And don't worry,
I fixed everything
with your crew
and your girlfriend.
Oh.
Well, I guess this shows
if you bully someone enough,
it'll eventually backfire
so spectacularly
that it'll teach you
a valuable life lesson.
Which is...?
I should bully
even more people
to learn extra life lessons.
What? No!
The lesson is...
Oo-o-oh! You made a joke!
Look, man, I'm sorry.
You're no sucker.
And you're right,
the world needs more buddies,
not more bullies.
Want to hug it out?
As long as there's
no kissing.
Oh, but wait.
What about my parents?
Are they still mad at me?
Not after they get
the cake you sent them.
What?
Mm-hmm.
The one with "Sorry"
spelled out in sparklers?
Thanks, buddy.
Huh?
You did good, kid.
You did -- wait.
Did you just say
a cake with sparkl--
**